{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green57\blue57;\red255\green255\blue255;\red43\green132\blue210;
\red56\green120\blue55;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c28627\c28627\c28627;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20392\c59608\c85882;
\cssrgb\c27451\c53333\c27843;\csgray\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa600\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs80 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Taking the Life in the UK test\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri780\sa420\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 This handbook will help prepare you for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://lifeintheuktests.co.uk/life-in-the-uk-test/"}}{\fldrslt taking the Life in the UK test}}. The test consists of 24 questions about important aspects of life in the UK. Questions are based on ALL parts of the handbook. The 24 questions will be different for each person taking the test at that test session.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Life in the UK test is usually taken in English, although special arrangements can be made if you wish to take it in Welsh or Scottish Gaelic.\cb1 \
\cb3 You can only take the test at a registered and approved Life in the UK test centre. There are about 60 test centres around the UK. You can only book your test online, at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.lifeintheuktest.gov.uk/"}}{\fldrslt www.lifeintheuktest.gov.uk}}. You should not take your test at any other establishment as the UK Border Agency will only accept certificates from registered test centres. If you live on the Isle of Man or in the Channel Islands, there are different arrangements for taking the Life in the UK test.\cb1 \
\cb3 When booking your test, read the instructions carefully. Make sure you enter your details correctly. You will need to take some identification and proof of your address with you to the test. If you don\'92t take these, you will not be able to take the test.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa137\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs68\fsmilli34275 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb3 How to use this handbook\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri780\sa420\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 Everything that you will need to know to pass the Life in the UK test is included in this handbook. The questions will be based on the whole book, including this introduction, so make sure you study the entire book thoroughly. The handbook has been written to ensure that anyone who can read English at ESOL Entry Level 3 or above should have no difficulty with the language.\cb1 \
\cb3 The glossary at the back of the handbook contains some key words and phrases, which you might find helpful.\cb1 \
\cb3 The 'Check that you understand' boxes are for guidance. They will help you to identify particular things that you should understand. Just knowing the things highlighted in these boxes will not be enough to pass the test. You need to make sure that you understand everything in the book, so please read the information carefully.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa137\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs68\fsmilli34275 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb3 Where to find more information\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri780\sa420\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 You can find out more information from the following places:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The UK Border Agency website ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk/"}}{\fldrslt www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk}}) for more information about the application process and the forms you will need to complete\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Life in the UK test website ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.lifeintheuktest.gov.uk/"}}{\fldrslt www.lifeintheuktest.gov.uk}}) for more information about the test and how to book a place to take one\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gov.uk ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gov.uk/"}}{\fldrslt www.gov.uk}}) for information about ESOL courses and how to find one in your area.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa137\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs68\fsmilli34275 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb3 Check that you understand:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs28 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado1 \shadc0 The origin of the values underlying British society\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \shad0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado1 \shadc0 The fundamental principles of British life\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \shad0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado1 \shadc0 The responsibilities and freedoms which come with permanent residence\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \shad0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado1 \shadc0 The process of becoming a permanent resident or citizen.\
}